Fix LQ version checking out in LK-CPU tests (#723)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane-lightning: .github/CHANGELOG.md

### Bug fixes

> * The `.github/workflows/tests_lkcpu_python.yml` workflow properly checks out the release or stable version of Lightning-Qubit during the test job.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The `.github/workflows/tests_lkcpu_python.yml` workflow properly checks out the release or stable version of LightningQubit during the test job.
```

Reviewer: Super nit-pick suggestion.

Author: I think we usually write Lightning-Qubit for the product and `LightningQubit` for the class, so I picked the former in the present case. I'm open to revisiting and making the CHANGELOG more uniform though.

Reviewer: Yes, indeed, Disregard my comment.
